And now that we have our entire edit fully stylized, we have really cool moments sicked up to the audio,
we even added some audio filters with the low pass filter on our soundtrack.
Now it's time to color.
Correct.
And add a light to our entire.
So let's get into it.
I'm going to go ahead and create an adjustment layer.
That way I can do one color correction layer for this entire edit, because for this one specifically,
we don't really need to go in and individually color correct our videos unless there is something that
really stands out.
Even just scrolling in this moment, I can actually see that for some reason, the lighting really changed
a lot because you can see a gigantic difference between the warmth, the skin tone and the saturation
and the exposure between these two shots.
So this may be one of the few shots in the edit where after we add our adjustment layer and our color
correction, we can go in and individually fix the handful of shots that need a little bit of help.
So I've got my adjustment layer in and a little bit of a tip here.
Man, we're not doing the pro tips anymore.
You know what?
Therapy pro tip again.
OK, so I'm glad we got that out of the way.
A bit of affirmative.
So when you add your color correction layer, we also have these layers on top here.
Now, you don't want to add 90 percent of the time, 99 percent of time.
You don't want to add your color correction layer on top of your overlays, because if I go in here
and I have this bright overlay that adds a really cool moment in the edit and I start changing.
The color correction and the saturation and the exposure, it's going to affect all these cool overlays
that we spent time having to edit so simple way around that is to always keep your overlays above your
color correction adjustment layer.
That way, they're not getting color corrected.
All we want to do is change the style of our footage below, you know, our main footage.
So with that said, let's go ahead and just kind of scrub through to see what the footage is looking
like.
And from looking at it, I definitely want to increase the brightness.
I want to increase the contrast.
I want to increase income.
I got increase the saturation and I want to bring up the Tannen's and maybe a little bit of greens.
So let's go ahead and look and see if there's any luts in here that will give us a cool look and a cool
feeling.
And honestly, this one.
It's like at the very top for premier sieci, it's going to be a little bit different for the editing
software you have.
But, you know, it's always good to decide on the coloring that you want to bring out and the scroll
through the and take a look.
I know I don't want it to be super blue.
So a blue, intense light is not going to do the trick.
If I want to really warm it up, you know, there's the Kodak presets and there's like the gold heat
stuff that really kind of has more that western kind of feeling, which actually looks pretty darn good.
But I have a feeling that for this specific edit, this in the space light is going to be perfect.
All we have to do is turn down the intensity a little bit, bring up the shadows so we don't lose too
much definition in the dark parts of the frame.
And bring up the highlights.
And I'm really liking how that's looking.
Now, in the footage is looking a little bit on the red side.
There's a lot of magenta, pink, reddish nice reddish is in the edit, so we can combat that by the
tint function.
The more we go to green, the more those reds start to turn into yellow.
The more we go to purple, the more those reds start to turn into a purplish pinkish reddish.
So we put this back at zero.
I'm going to bring up the greens so that we get more of a golden look rather than a red look.
So let's play this and let's see.
OK.
So if we take a look, that's with that's with out with without, right.
It's pretty stylized, like we went pretty far in the stylizing.
I might be a little bit too much for my eyes.
So what I'm going to do is take down this inner space filter from seventy six points to say 60.
That's just going to take down the contrast a little bit.
And there are some problem clips in here.
The exposure on most of these looks pretty good.
But yeah, and like with the intro.
So what I'm going to do is with the intro, I'm going to go ahead and cut on this adjustment layer.
And for these four inch shots, I'm just going to bring up the exposure a few points and definitely
bring up the highlights.
That way we can see a lot more in these look a little bit to tan.
Well, let's just see, actually, this one is just too expose now, so it's bringing down the exposure.
OK.
Much better.
And I'm going to bring the coldness down so you can see more cold, more tan.
I'm going to go maybe like negative 15 just so it matches up.
Yes, he does a lot better.
The coloring of this clip flows into this one a lot more before when it was at zero.
This is really tan.
And then that looks really blue.
But if we simply make this clip a little bit more blue, then it flows right into the next clip.
OK.
And I'm definitely seeing that I want to sharpen up the overall image, so I'm going to go under the
creative filter and I'm going to put up the sharpness.
I say thirty five.
Now there's a lot more crispiness in the pixels of the frame.
Now let's go ahead and quickly fix our our problem shots so we see the skin tone and contrast that it
looks proper.
We get to the close up and all of a sudden he just got out of a spray tan at a tanning bed.
Right.
So we're going to lose the tree color and I'm going to selectively drop a color correction layer just
on the clip I want to fix.
And then I'm going to turn down the saturation because it's clearly oversaturated.
I'm going to bring down the coldness, the temperature, a few points.
I'm going to push up the shallows.
And that is starting to look way better.
So we have now really tan.
Now back from a vacation in Miami and now.
OK, so that's mashing.
It's still a little bit dark.
So let's go with the highlights.
Push that up.
That should be good enough.
I'm going to copy and paste it on the following clip.
OK, cool.
That's matching up way more.
I'm liking that.
Let's move forward in the edit and let's find our next problem clip.
Oh, yeah.
He just went to a different whole different whole different level.
So I'm going to copy what we added to the previous clip to fix.
I want to pass it on here.
Let's see how that looks.
Pretty good.
I'd say this is still a little bit too warm if you just look at the overall redness and that high temperature
tint versus here.
Very cool.
Cool as in temperature.
No, but it also looks cool.
So let's bring the temperature down.
There we go.
OK.
OK, that's looking good, so we'll see you, though.
And with
K.
That one's looking pretty dark.
So.
Let's.
Paste our clip.
Bring down the temperature a little bit more, bring up the exposure.
Copy that pasted, pasted.
OK.
This one is, well, a little bit dark, so a lot of the closeups got just a little bit too dark.
Yep, that one as well.
OK.
There we go, and so better.
And let's brain on this one.
Now we have our entire edit super stylized.
The coloring looks great.
Wait a minute.
Hold on, hold on.
This looks one way to 10.
OK.
Yeah.
There we go.
Great.
So now we have our entire edit stylizing is on point.
Everything looks really cool.
And now it's time to move into one of the final refining steps.